API or Application Programming Interface:
    It is a piece of software that can be used by another piece of software, in order to allow applications to talk
    to each other.

The REST Architecture:
    1. Separate API into logical resources: Any information that can be named is a resource. (users, tours, reviews)

    2. Expose structured resource-based URL's: Endpoints should only contain resources(nouns) and use HTTP methods for actions. 

    3. Use HTTP methods (verbs): Endpoints like /getNewTour should not be used and instead use something like GET /tours/:id. 
        (Resource should be always plural)

    4. Send data as JSON: Main difference between JSON and Object is that in JSON all keys must be strings.

    5. Be stateless: All state should be handled by the client. This means that each request must contain all the
        information necessary to process a certain request. The server should not have to remember previous requests.

MongoDB

    In mongoDB, data is stored in BSON format. It is like JSON but typed. So MongoDB documents are typed.
    Embedding/Denormalizing is the process of including related data into a single document. This allows for
    quicker access and easier data models.
    In the case of relational databases however, denormalization is not possible.

Mongoose
    Mongoose is an Object Data Modelling (ODM) library for mongoDB and node.js, a higher level of abstraction.

JWT
    JWT is a stateless authentication solution since it does not store any session related data on the server which
    also follows the REST priciple of being stateless.

    JWT Flow:

    User hits the /login endpoint using his credentials. The server then checks whether the user exists in the DB and
    if they do, the server generates a JWT and sends it to the client which is then stored in either cookie or localStorage.

    To access the protected endpoints, the client must send the JWT along with the request headers which then gets validated
    on the server.

    If we talk about the internal workings, JWT has 3 parts which are Header, Payload and Secret. Header + Payload + Secret
    together form the JWT. 


DATA MODELLING:

    1) Types of Relationships b/w data: 
        1:1, 1:Many and Many:Many. 1:Many can be further subdivided into 1:Few, 1:Many and 1:Ton.

    2) Referencing vs Embedding:
        In the referenced(Normalized) form two datasets are nicely separated and are referenced via Ids.
        In the embedded form(Denormalized), data is embedded in the document itself.

    3) Framework for referencing and embedding:

        Use 3 criteria to take the decision

        1. Type of relationships that exists between datasets.
            1:Few and 1:Many (Embedding)
            1:Many and 1:Ton (Referencing)

        2. Determine data access patterns.
            High Read/Write Ratio (Use Embedding)
            High Write/Read Ratio (Use Referencing)

        3. Data Closeness (How much the data is really related and how we want to query it).
            Data REALLY belongs together (Use Embedding)
            We frequently need to query both datasets on their own (Use Normalizing/Referncing)

    4) Types of Referncing:
        Child Referencing: Keep references to related child documents in a parent document inside an array.
        Parent Referencing: In each child document, there is a reference to the parent.
        Two-Way Referencing: Parent and Child have refernces to each other. Used to create Many:Many relationships.

    In general always favour embedding, unless there is a reason not to.